🚀Preview Release (#89)
KinsonDigital/CICD: Documentation/ReleaseNotes/PreviewReleases/Release-Notes-v1.0.0-preview.10.md

<h1 align="center" style='color:mediumseagreen;font-weight:bold'>
    CICD Preview Release Notes - v1.0.0-preview.10
</h1>

<h2 align="center" style='font-weight:bold'>Quick Reminder</h2>

<div algn="center">

As with all software, there is always a chance for issues and bugs, especially for preview releases, which is why your input is greatly appreciated. 🙏🏼
</div>

---

<h2 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">New Features ✨</h2>

> 1. [#66](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/CICD/issues/66) - Added the ability for the status checks below to check if the pull request has a milestone assigned.

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
1. [#66](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/CICD/issues/66) - Added the ability for the status checks below to check whether or not the pull request has a milestone assigned.
```
